Tip: Don't hesitate to visit our website xorhub.com!
Tip: An official version of Minetest on Android is now available on the Google Play Store or on F-Droid.
Advice: If you don't want to see your house stolen or griefed then consider protection blocks!
Advice: To grow your crops, plant them near water on soil tilled with a hoe and give them plenty of light.
Advice: When you die, quests for your current level are reset.
Advice: When you reach level 4, you will earn the fly privilege.
Advice: Want to know how to craft an item? Click the Craft Guide button in your inventory.
Tip: Items you put in an Ender chest can be accessed from ANY other Ender chest on the map.
Advice: In your inventory, on the right of your quests, you can click the icon and get crafting help.
Advice: If you place a block, then dig it, and place the block again, your quests will count it as 2 placed blocks, it's a normal feature.
Advice: The Furnace can be fueled with things other than coal! Fuel can be Leaves, Fences, Ladders, Sticks, Tree Trunks, Planks, Ethanol, etc... 
Advice: You can make your tools faster/stronger with the Enchantement Table by putting them in with a mese crystal.
Advice: Use protector logos rather than blocks; they blend in better. Craft them with 8 stones around one copper ingot.
Advice: Screwdrivers are still available, craft them with one steel ingot and one stick under it.
Advice: Craft one obsidian shard on a stone block; you get an obsidian node! An obsidian node is made of 9 shards, that you can get, multiply, and cook/craft into (obsidian) glass!
Advice: For expensive items, try using the Work Table to split them into micro slabs to get more coverage.
Advice: Mossycobble can be crafted using grass, jungle grass, or any flower you can pick up from the ground.
Tip: The rules for this server are posted in the spawn building. Click the spawn button in your inventory to teleport there.
Tip: Don't forget to set a home point with the command "/sethome", this is really useful if you're lost and you want to return to your home, just type "/home".
Tip: Want to ignore a player? Use the command "/ignore help" for instructions to manage your ignore list.
Tip: Use "/report message" or the report button in your inventory to report something to the moderators and the administrator.
Tip: World map is now available at xorhub.com! This gives you a view of the entire map, allows you to check player locations, and see points of interest.
Advice: Get rid of flowers and plants with Round-Down. One spray gets rid of all plants in a 5 block radius.
Advice: Use Travelnet boxes to teleport. Place two or more configured with the same network and owner to begin teleporting.
Advice: You can boil the water cauldron with a torch, delicious soups await you!
